---
layout: post

# post title
title: "NEWS: 2020-11-29"

# post author
author: tzm-bot

# hide post
hide: false

# SEO image
image: /assets/img/tzm_community_news.jpg

---

### Michael Kubler

TZM 2.0 Discussion  
We are excited to announce the preliminary launch of a new 2.0 phase for The Zeitgeist Movement, with new, more expanded approaches.  
For over 10 years TZM’s role has been to bring awareness of possibilities and introduce a “train of thought” for realizing progress and sustainability in the world. Over that time we helped spread some key understandings – the flaws and contradictions of the current system, the 1% imbalance, the urgencies of the ecological crisis, the trends and implications of technological unemployment, political mechanisms like a Universal Basic Income, “structural/systemic” awareness, and fostering exploration beyond the labor for income system.  
  
Humanities collective consciousness is emergent, our circumstances constantly change; as a movement we must also emerge and adapt, and be willing to meet reality and existing systems where they are at.  


### Michael Kubler

Our rate of social progress is bound to the level of understanding of the great majority – and while awareness-building is still a core focus of TZM, we have broadened our context and approaches to include all necessary and emergent avenues for transition. These approaches include intentional communities, co-ops, use-share libraries, political/legal mechanisms, public banking, and collaborative design platforms, to name a few. Where before our large scale system-change goals may have lacked practical application into the everyday here and now; and where community projects may have failed in their ability to address core mechanisms of society, there can now be much more of a bridge between the two. This will allow participation and ideas to flourish more fluidly and organically, affecting progress where we can, while always maintaining and working towards the bigger picture implications for a radical paradigm shift of the unsustainable systems in place.  


